[tidy] add new check bugprone-return-const-ref-from-parameter (#89497)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  Detects error-prone Curiously Recurring Template Pattern usage, when the CRTP
  can be constructed outside itself and the derived class.

- New :doc:`bugprone-return-const-ref-from-parameter
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/return-const-ref-from-parameter>` check.

>   Detects the function which returns the const reference from parameter which

Reviewer: Please synchronize with first statement in documentation.

  Detects error-prone Curiously Recurring Template Pattern usage, when the CRTP
  can be constructed outside itself and the derived class.

- New :doc:`bugprone-return-const-ref-from-parameter
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/return-const-ref-from-parameter>` check.

>   Detects return statements that return constant reference parameter as constant
>   reference. This may cause use-after-free errors if the caller uses xvalue as
>   arguments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Detects return statements that return a constant reference parameter as constant
  reference. This may cause use-after-free errors if the caller uses xvalues as
  arguments.
```
